1.	Write a program to display the IP address of your system.
2.	Write a program to implement InetAddress getter methods.
3.	Write a program to print the characteristics (address types) of an IP address.
4.	Write a program to check IPv4 and IPv6 Address.
5.	Write a program to list the interfaces available in your system.
6.	Write a program to display IP and MAC address of your system.
7.	Write a program to retrieve IP address providing Interface address or MAC address.
8.	Write a program to retrieve MAC address providing an IP address.
9.	Write a program to illustrate factory and getter methods of NetworkInterface Class.
10.	Write a program to retrieve data from URL.
11.	Write a program to split URL.
12.	Write a program to check which protocol does a virtual machine support?
13.	Write a program to display the parts of URI.
14.	Write a program to show the use of URLEncoder Class.
15.	Write a program to show the use of URLDecoder Class.
16.	write a program for a ProxySelector that remembers what it can connect to.
17.	Write a program to show a simple CookiePolicy that blocks cookies from .gov domains, but allows others.
18.	Write a program to retrieve cookies information.
19.	Write a program to retrieve information from header using header specific methods.
20.	Write a program to retrieve information from header using arbitrary header methods.
21.	Write a program to download a web page with the correct character set.
22.	Write a program to print the entire HTTP header.
23.	Write a program to configure URLConnection.
24.	Write a to download webpage using URLConnection.
25.	Write a program to get information about the TCP socket.
26.	Write a program to create TCP echo server and client.
27.	Write a program to create a TCP daytime client and server.
28.	Write a program to create a TCP client and server to share text messages.
29.	Write a program to create a TCP client and server to calculate factorial.
30.	Write a program to create a TCP client and server to share a text file.
31.	Write a program to create a Multi-threaded TCP server and client to check the prime number.
32.	Write a program to set the TCP client socket options.
33.	Write a program to set the TCP server socket options.
34.	Write a program to create http file server.
35.	Illustrate the procedure of creating secure client and server socket.
36.	Write a program to get information about the UDP socket.
37.	Write a program to create a TCP client and server to share text messages using NIO.
38.	Write a program to create UDP echo server and client.
39.	Write a program to create a UDP daytime client and server.
40.	Write a program to create a UDP client and server to share text messages.
41.	Write a program to create a UDP client and server to check given number is Armstrong or not.
42.	Write a program to set the UDP socket options.
43.	Illustrate the process for communicating with Multicast group.
44.	Write a program for multicast sniffer.
45.	Write a program to calculate GCD using RMI.
